okay good morning and welcome to another
vlog
[Music]
I can't believe that we've pretty much
only got five logs left now including
today's which is really strange it feels
like I should keep on plugging for a lot
longer so it's currently 1142 so I
haven't really logged so far this
morning I woke up slightly late I had
meant to get into bed for 9:30 then I
finished editing my video in bed and
that took so much longer than I thought
it would so I ended up going to bed
about 11:30 and then I wanted to read so
I read until 12:00 and my alarm was on
for six but obviously I six hours of
sleep isn't fantastic for you I slept
until 8:00 a little bit past 8:00 and
then I got up I made some avocado on
toast I'm just on the galley the Exeter
learning environment and this has my
required readings that I need to do next
Tuesday so I need to read an extract
from Plato's Meno Plato's Republic and
also Descartes meditations so I'm just
gonna log in so at the moment here I am
just writing up a list of all of the
things that I would have to do for this
reading if I were to really make the
most of it and make sure I got the most
out of it and then I just got started on
reading through the PDF on my laptop and
I was just making some brief notes as I
was going along and also keeping in mind
the questions which I was asked to
consider by my lecturer so then I just
decided to watch this summative video
and I also watched a crash course
because these are so helpful for just
gaining a brief overview of a topic and
making sure that you then gain more from
the reading or the topic whatever you're
learning because you already have that
really good grounding
and then yes I hey then went on actually
reading through this so it wasn't
actually too long at all I think it was
around 20 pages but it did take me an
extremely long time to do I did not
think that it would end up taking me
this long I think the issue is is that
I'm really trying to make the most out
of these readings and making sure that I
gain as much as I possibly can from them
however that often means that I spent a
little too long on them but that's okay
because I definitely am a tiny bit
quicker than I was yesterday which is a
start I suppose
[Music]
that reading took such a long time it
was only 28 pages but it's now 2:30 I've
been kind of keeping the questions in
mind as I've been going along but now
I'm just going to type up some rough
answers
I'm just got a point so that I can talk
about them in discussion I might get
started on Plato's Republic because I've
really read meditation I'm going to wait
to look at my copy at home because I've
got so many annotations in there Plato's
Republic will be easier to because I'm
familiar with that I don't think it's
going to be as tricky but I've got a
phone call with my amazing agency at
3:00 so that's any pretty much half an
hour away and I'm really excited to talk
with them they sent me this
good luck card good luck you knew you
could have a human beam I love this so
much so yes as I said I'm now going
through the key questions which I was
asked to consider by my lecturer so I
was just taking little notes from what
I'd written up on paper and just making
sure that they were all sorted so that
if we were asked in a tutorial to pick
up on one specific point I would know
where my notes were or not specific
thing because otherwise you're having to
navigate through all of your notes and
it just gets so confusing and then here
I was just looking for some specific
quotes which I hadn't noted down which I
actually thought might be quite useful
so I decided to find a different PDF
document which I could highlight however
this was a slightly different
translation so in the end I had to just
go back to my original one
[Music]
okay so the parcel which I have been
waiting for for the last six eight days
is this one yeah this is if I am not
mistaken my new camera this is it and
I've also added another mini tripod it
was on sale so I thought it was a good
idea just to kind of get it at the same
time it wasn't very sense of anywhere
she's one of the mini ones my one break
so I wanted to get another one there
just the gorilla tripod oh my gosh
opening the cameras is so exciting oh my
gosh sorry I'm so expensive so first of
all here is the mini tripod they're
really useful and this is exciting that
the powershot g7x mark - I'm gonna put
my SD card in and then I'm gonna head to
the library and I'm gonna vlog on this
[Music]
there we go let's see I love the camera
quality oh my gosh the Zima second
figure sorry so I'm gonna head out to
the library now issues in printing to
you but that's it and then I'm gonna
head back so I just got a little walk as
well and it's a nice time of day I love
this camera so much I can't believe I'm
actually I've actually got it okay say
I'm just walking up to the library now
throw that out of breath it's honestly
it's such a beautiful evening all of the
evenings have just been absolutely
stunning
so I'm convinced I probably should have
got some theology books as well but I
knew that if I went all the way down to
the theology section I'd end up choosing
way too many books and then I wouldn't
be able to carry them all back so all of
these ones are on Plato because our
first lecture from nor our first our
second lecture on knowledge and reality
one philosophy is going to be on Plato's
Meno and Plato's Republic I decided to
get some free reading done we've been
told that most of our work has to focus
on reading so I'm excited to read these
I cannot get over wait it's blurry
let's focus not used to this camera how
does it work I think yes it's focused I
can't get over how beautiful this is you
can see that dappled sunlight wait how
beautiful is that I wonder how long this
will last because the last few evenings
have been so so beautiful like this I
mean usually having one who prefers can
it grant your rainy mother just because
it's very cozy and it's nice no Donald
but I can see why people love Chris for
two mornings when you look at this for
evenings I guess for this I in this case
I'm back from the library it's currently
ten to seven I need to go down and do
some laundry this evening at some point
but I think I might make dinner first
but first thing I'm going to show you
all of the book which I got out from the
library that goes my drivers place well
provisional driver's license oh my face
is so right it's really hot I've got
Plato and the Socratic dialogues
I got Plato and possum post
I got Plato and post-modernism I got
this one which looks nice and old this
one is called Plato on knowledge and
reality and then lastly I got this one
and this is new perspectives on Plato
modern and ancient these three a nice
and old-fashioned we're still getting
used to this
I'm sorry if it's imprints blurry okay
here is my dinner well part of it this
is the sauce
I made a vegan lentil Bolognese here is
my pasta which is cold because this
cooked so long ago so I found this
recipe on tasty I've downloaded that app
and I'm basically using it to find easy
vegan recipes because you can just put a
keyword in which is really good well so
here is my newly organized wardrobe it
really wasn't very organized before
that's not supposed to be there actually
this bit of my room is very messy but
here's just jumpers and blankets on
there and then there's just straight
bits here so I'm just gonna quickly tidy
that up before eating okay so here is my
dinner
nice lentil Bolognese and I think the
lentils are cooked I'm not sure exactly
how they should taste but I think they
taste right this took me a surprisingly
long time to make because the lentils
had to cook for 40 minutes in total and
then I had to do the other bits on top
of that also I went down to go and
collect my laundry and I haven't used
the dryer because I forgot to bring
money down with me so I'm gonna keep it
in my room overnight and then bring it
down tomorrow which I know isn't great
but I'm in my pajamas now I love these
pajamas these are from cath kids didn't
I got them for Christmas last year
so I'm going to get off to bed now I've
just been watching pickup lines which is
a really great youtube channel which I
definitely recommend if you haven't
heard of it or watched it but I'm pretty
sure that a lot of people who watch my
videos are probably watch house as well
because they do focus on productivity
also I'm going to read so I'm currently
reading metamorphosis it's very short
but I probably won't finish it this
evening
thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed it and
have a productive week